Fix: Behaviour of `OptionalKeys` when instantiated with primitives and arrays (#414)
ts-essentials/ts-essentials: .changeset/ninety-forks-poke.md

---
"ts-essentials": patch
---

> Fix `OptionalKeys<Type>`, it now works as expected with primitives and arrays

Reviewer: I suggest being more specific on what was changed:

```suggestion
`OptionalKeys<Type>` returns `never` for primitives and returns only optional indices for arrays and tuples
```

Author: Agreed!
Updated the PR.
